# Final Project - Milestone 2

Milestones

There will be four milestones.  Each milestone will produce specific deliverables.
Design reviews will be done and the milestones can be considered as mini projects.
However no grading will be done until Milestone 4.

* [Final Project Instructions](final)
* [Milestone 1](11) - Basic Page Structure - Review on April 6
* [Milestone 2](12) - Multimedia - Review on April 10
* [Milestone 3](13) - Five Fancy Tricks - Review on April 17
* [Milestone 4](14) - Social Media - Review on April 24


## Milestone 2 - Multimedia - Review on April 10


### Instructions

Add multimedia elements to your page.  

Choose one of the following:

* Video that you create
* Image gallery hosted in a Carousel
* Google maps plugin
* Weather plugin
* Any amazing JavaScript component

Improve the visual impact of your pages.

Improve the content organization.

Make sure to test your work.


### Review Requirements

The design reviewers will test for the following ten requirements.

* Page available at correct URL
    - Page loads at "bacs200/project/index.html"
    
* Project goals and plans are up to date
    - Does this page meet the project goals from the instructions?
    - Are the goals documented in the "README.md" file in your git repo?
    - Is there a documented plan?

* Multimedia
    - Is there are multimedia or other Javascript component?
    - Does the media enhance the website?
    
* 5 Pages with Menu
    - Are there at least 5 pages on the website?
    - Does the URL "bacs200/project/index.html" return the home page?
    - Is there a menu that goes across all of the pages?

* Business contribution
    - Is the business goal for the site clear from reading the pages?
    - Does the message support the business goal?

* Valid HTML & CSS & Links
    - Do all pages validate?
    - Use all three validators (HTML & CSS & Links)

* Collaboration with External Links
    - Are there links to other sites?
    - Do these references enhance the usefulness of this site?
    - Do the external links invite collaboration?

* Professional Styling
    - Does the style look professional?
    - Would a hiring manager be pleased?

* Version Control (at least 10 commits)
    - Does the designer use the version control properly?
    - Are there several commits over the last week?

* Would you pay for this work?
    - If this page were for a client would they pay for it?
    - Would a client be pleased with the work?
