# Lesson 28 - YouTube Options
    
## LEARN

### Reading for Today
* [4.5 Audio and video](https://learn.zybooks.com/zybook/UNCOBACS200SeamanFall2020/chapter/4/section/5)
* Follow [Reading Schedule](/course/bacs200/docs/ZybooksReading)


### Office Hours
* If you need help please attend office hours
* Check the Canvas page for details


### Today
* Set options for YouTube videos


### Upload video to YouTube
* Make sure you have a Google account
* Select share to YouTube on your phone


### Set YouTube options
* Details 
* Title & Description
* Thumbnail
* Audience
* Visibility
* Comments
* Misc info



## BUILD

### YouTube Options
* Publish Video
    * Basic Recording steps will get a public YouTube video.
* Details. Find Channel and Video
    * Select Details
* Title & Description
    * I used the share to YouTube option to upload the video.
* Thumbnail
    * Select the image that shows in the initial view.
* Audience
    * "Not made for kids", and "Restrict to over 18" will stop ads from playing
* Visibility
    * "Unlisted" lets you use the video in a page without having it be part of your YouTube channel
    * "Public" makes it visible in your channel.


### More YouTube Options
* Comments
    * "Disable comments" or "Hold all comments for review" to prevent spam
* Misc info
    * Set "Recording Date", "License", "Category"
* Allow Embedding
    * Supports the "Copy Embed Code". 
    * Adjust the size for the iframe


### Video Edit (OPTIONAL)
* Download
    * Save the file from YouTube onto the local computer.
* Import Video
    * Import the file into the video editing app.
* Delete Pauses
    * Find all the sections where the audio is undesirable. 
    * Delete those sections.
* Share to YouTube
    * Upload the new file to YouTube. 
    * This creates a new video that can be handled as before.


### Create Video Page
* Use a page template to create a page "bacs200/video.html"
* In YouTube use menu "Copy Embed Video"
* Paste into your web page
* Create page with embedded YouTube video


### Project 9 - Business Video
* [Project Instructions](../project/10)

