# Lesson 17 - Technical Debt


## PROJECT

### Milestone #3 - Due Today
* Hopefully you have most of the deliverables for Milestone 3
* There is a Customer Acceptance Tool to give feedback
* In the next few days I will be assessing Milestone 1-3
* You will get a grade for work done


### Finish Work for Milestones 1-3
* Some work remains unfinished
* You can continue working to upgrade your score
* You will get credit when the work is accepted
* No late penalty is applied
* [App Teams](../team/)
* [Capture Milestone Deliverables](../docs/Milestones)

### Customer Sign-off Checklist
* Customer acceptance
* Each role and each milestone has four items to deliver
* I will assess periodically and record points for each milestone
* If you are behind catch up


### Team Reassignments
* The Blogger Bay project in being canceled
* For Milestone 4 each team will get an additional developer
* Future responsibilities will be to new team


### Roles will be assigned soon
* Roles: Requirements, Design, Code1, Code2, Test
* New rotation starting for Milestone 4
* Please welcome your new teammates and integrate them in



## LEARN

### Every Project has a Scope
* Projects are larger than they appear
* Projects are more costly than necessary
* Why?


### Reasons for Cost
* Engineering is hard
* Optimism kills
* Pressure to agree to unrealistic schedule


### Leverage Principle
* I wrote a book on Software Engineering practices
* [The Leverage Principle](https://shrinking-world.com/book/Leverage)


###  The Leverage Principle
* Software Development is too costly
* Technical Debt is the primary reason for cost
* Best Practices are needed to reduce debt
* Leverage existing knowledge
    

### Bad Plans
* Hope is not a plan
* What you don't know
* Under pressure people make bad mistakes


### All Projects have Debt
* Any undone task to complete is debt
* Manage your debt
* Measure your debt
* Pay off debt early


### Every Lifecycle Phase
* Each phase has debt
* Mistakes made early are the most costly
* Fixes are cheap early
    * Requirements - 1 hr
    * Design - 10 hr
    * Code - 100 hr
    * Test - 1000 hr
    
    
### Learn Every Day
* You don't know what you don't know
* Things change
* Be flexible
* Optimize around past learning
* Remove rigid thinking


### Learn About Technical Debt
* How does it appear in each lifecycle phase?
* What practices can you use to reduce debt?
* What can you leverage?


### Future of Programming
* [Uncle Bob Martin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecIWPzGEbFc)
* History and future of software development

How did our industry start, what paths did it take to get to where we are, and where is it going. What big problems did programmers encounter in the past? How were they solved? And how do those solutions impact our future? What mistakes have we made as a profession; and how are we going to correct them. In this talk, Uncle Bob describes the history of software, from it’s beginnings in 1948 up through the current day; and then beyond. By looking at our past trajectory, we try to plot out where our profession is headed, and what challenges we’ll face along the way.

Robert C. Martin (Uncle Bob) has been a programmer since 1970. He is the Master Craftsman at 8th Light inc, an acclaimed speaker at conferences worldwide, and the author of many books including: The Clean Coder, Clean Code, Agile Software Development: Principles, Patterns, and Practices, and UML for Java Programmers.

