# Project 2 - Inspiration - due Jan 24


## GOALS

Create a simple web page to explain what inspires you


### Tools
* Bluehost
* Github
* Github Desktop
* Firefox
* Brackets
* Filezilla


### Web Server Pages
* bacs200/index.html
* bacs200/01/index.html
* bacs200/02/index.html
* bacs200/02/template.html
* bacs200/02/inspire.html


### Directory Structure
* Documents
    * BACS-200
        * bacs200
            * index.html
            * 01
                * index.html
            * 02
                * index.html
                
### File Names
* Never use spaces in Filenames
* File names on your web server are case-sensitive while files on Windows are not.
    * File names are case sensitive (on Linux)
    * Different files
        * index.html
        * Index.html
        * INDEX.HTML
    * On Windows these are considered the same


### Web Page Content - Home Page
* Create a landing page based on the page at [Demo Server](https://unco-bacs.org/bacs200/index.html)
* Customize all the text


### Web Page Content - My Inspiration

The purpose of this project is to build a simple page that describes a person that inspires you.

The world can be a dark place, and we all need a little inspiration.  Who inspires you to make
the world a little brighter?

Select one historical or public figure.
Describe why they inspire you and what your response is toward them and what they believe in.
Create an article that invites your peers to admire your hero.  Use your persuasion skills to
win others over.  You will be judged based strength of your writing by your peers. 



## STEPS


### 1. Build code at Github
* Browse to Demo Server from Sensei website
* View source code
* Copy source code
* Register your Github repo on Sensei
* Browse to your Github repo
* Create "bacs200/index.html" in Github repo
* Copy contents of demo home page to your home page


### 2. Clone the repo
* Visit your Github repo
* Clone your Git repo into "Documents/BACS-200"
* Look at files using Window File Explorer


### 3. Setup local editing
* Run Brackets
* Open Folder (Documents/BACS-200)
* Edit "Documents/BACS-200/bacs200/index.html"
* Modify title
* Replace the image
* Test in browser
* Github Desktop - Commit changes
* Github Desktop - Push changes
* Visit Github website to confirm


### 4. Setup Filezilla
* Create Site Manager config
* Connect to Bluehost
* Configure your local and remote directories
* Transfer "bacs200" folder
* Set default options


### 5. Write article "My Inspiration"
* Pattern after code at [https://unco-bacs.org/bacs200/02/index.html](https://unco-bacs.org/bacs200/02/index.html)


### 6. Post article in bacs200/02/index.html
* Browse to "DOMAIN/bacs200/index.html"
* Browse to "DOMAIN/bacs200/01/index.html"
* Browse to "DOMAIN/bacs200/02/index.html"



## REQUIREMENTS
* Page exists at YOUR_DOMAIN/bacs200/index.html
* Page exists at YOUR_DOMAIN/bacs200/01/index.html
* Page exists at YOUR_DOMAIN/bacs200/02/index.html
* Home page title
* Home page link to Project 1 and 2
* Project 2 link to Home
* Project 1 link to WordPress blog & Home
* Home page profile photo
* WordPress still loads
* My Inspiration article



## TEST

Students will manually test pages with the links from Sensei


## REVIEW

Students will request peer review when ready

