# Lesson 16 - YouTube
* UNC - BACS 200
* Friday, Feb 21
* Mark Seaman


## LEARN

### Seaman's Rule #16 - YouTube is your publishing platform for video

### Review
* Tools: YouTube, Filezilla, Github, Validator
* HTML: h1, p, a, img, ul, table, iframe

### Today
* Set options for YouTube videos

### Upload video to YouTube
* Make sure you have a Google account
* Select share to YouTube on your phone

### Set YouTube options
* Details 
* Title & Description
* Thumbnail
* Audience
* Visibility
* Comments
* Misc info




## BUILD

### YouTube Options
* Publish Video. Basic Recording steps will get a public YouTube video.
* Details. Find Channel and Video. Select Details.
* Title & Description. I used the share to YouTube option to upload the video.
* Thumbnail. Select the image that shows in the initial view.
* Audience. "Not made for kids", and "Restrict to over 18" will stop ads from playing.
* Visibility. "Unlisted" lets you use the video in a page without having it be part of your YouTube channel. "Public" makes it visible in your channel.

### More YouTube Options
* Comments. "Disable comments" or "Hold all comments for review" to prevent spam.
* Misc info. Set "Recording Date", "License", "Category".
* Allow Embedding. Supports the "Copy Embed Code". Adjust the size for the iframe.

### Video Edit (OPTIONAL)
* Download. Save the file from YouTube onto the local computer.
* Import Video. Import the file into the video editing app.
* Delete Pauses. Find all the sections where the audio is undesirable. Delete those sections.
* Share to YouTube. Upload the new file to YouTube. This creates a new video that can be handled as before.

### Create Video Page
* Use a page template to create a page "06/index.html"
* In YouTube use menu "Copy Embed Video"
* Paste into your web page
* Create page with embedded YouTube video
* See demo page at [Demo Server](https://unco-bacs.org/bacs200/06)

### Create a Business Video
* Select a topic about a Business or Social Issue
* Research the topic
* Create a script
* Record your video
* Repeat until you are satisfied


### Topic Research
* Spend 10-20 minutes on research for the topic
* Do a basic Google search and skim the top articles
* Form an opinion to develop


### Select a topic about a Business or Social Issue
* Write an outline for a business article 
* Choose one of these topics
    * Wealth Gap in America
    * Trade War with China
    * Immigration and the Labor Market
    * Dangers of Technology
    * The Global Economy
    * Wild card (choose any topic that interests you)


### Create a script
* Identify four main topics
* Create four subtopics for each main topic
* Use the 4x4 outline to draft the text for your video


### Record your video
* Use your knowledge about recorded video to deliver your script
* Repeat the recording until you are satisfied
* Produce a 1-minute video


### Publish your Opinion Piece
* Embed your video
* Show the outline of your script on your web page
* Provide a photo and author information 
* Make your page look professional (this is for your portfolio)


